Hai.
We are talking about... Onigiri, Ice cream
and mayonnaise.
tarako and
mayonnaise. Tuna mayonnaise.
I know.
but not, but no....
Oh, salmon. salmon. Yeah, I would choose
salmon over java rice.
but then I don't think I like tuna mayonnaise when there's not enough
I hate it when it's dry. It's like very slippery.
Maybe it depends on what mayonnaise.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sandwich?
Oh.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh...
Oh.
Hey...
uh, uh, uh, uh, uh.
Mayonnaise.
Oh, okay.
Oh.
Oh...
Aha...
Aha.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Oh my goodness!
Wow! It's like coffee too.
yeah
Wow...
mmh
Aha.
Yeah.
Oh.
Aha.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, Yeah, yeah yeah.
Oh.
Yeah, it's really okay. Yeah.
I think... I will try it. But is this
I will try. Yeah. I think.
Oh... Banana.
Aha.
Oh, Fried Banana.
Oh.
Eeew...
Eew.
Aha.
Oh, that moment. Oh, I see. Oh, I see.
Oh.
No way.
Aha.
You bring Banana Pie.
Oh hahahahaha
Yeah.
Dairy. Dairy milk is it?
Milk?
Oh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Fresh Milk Ice Cream.
I don't eat... um...
I think...
Oh, um, oysters? like fresh oysters.
Like I, I enjoy eating like the fried one.
But I can't eat like the raw one. Unless they're really...
No, I think it's just like the the bitter taste.
But I just want... yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
but when I tried it when I went to Japan last time I could eat it
So I think if it's really fresh, I can eat it.
Yeah.
Oysters. Oh.
Aha.
You really eat raw?